many of us work at two deaths we have
the electronic desk of the work station
and we have the physical desk of the
paper pusher now these two desks are
very separate manipulating objects on
the workstation it's very different from
manipulating objects on the real desk we
have the desktop metaphor which is
supposed to make them more similar and
some people think that it can be
extended to the point where you can do
everything on the workstation that we
currently do on our desks replacing them
entirely but what if we took the
opposite approach what if instead of
making the workstation more like the
desk
we made the real desk more like the
workstation we wouldn't need a desktop
metaphor because it would literally be a
desktop the digital desk has a couple of
video cameras here that point down at
the desk so the system can see what the
user is doing there's also a computer
display that's projected down onto the
desk the result is still an ordinary
desk but it has some characteristics of
an electronic workstation
as I move my hand above the desk the
camera can see where I'm pointing and
the cursor follows my finger this allows
me to use the electronic side of the
digital desk much as an electronic
workstation using my finger instead of
the mouse these why it's the digital
desk
I can use this much as an ordinary
calculator eight
times six
equals 48
often when we use a calculator we are
simply typing in numbers that are
already printed on a piece of paper
lying on the desk this example shows how
an application might make use of the
digital desk
if we have numbers printed on a piece of
paper like this price list I can put
them into this window
and instead of typing in the number I
can simply point out it 390 and it
appears in the window of the calculator
as though I had typed it and I can
perform an operation on it multiply it
by 2 and get
the camera cui point and OCR is a number
and puts it into the calculator
now what might the digital desk be like
in a few years I'm going to show you
three short scenarios that will
illustrate what it might be like in the
future
my deadlines tomorrow
now where's that paper I wanted to have
a look at and make some notes wrong
I just want to take this diagram here
make a copy of it
good
now I need to make a comment about that
underneath I'll just type it in here
and then there was a paragraph
that one
copy that over as well
fine
hi Sean yeah I'm back from my trip I
ready to do my expenses
I have some with six
okay let's
okay so I take the total of your car
rental and I want it put over here in
this box
I've got my little pad and I choose Car
Rental
I'm gonna put that over into the
explanation box
and today states the 5th of October
and the date of the hotel
was the same as the car rental
I don't the title to go into that box
it's a total of your expenses
okay so little done we're going to do is
print this out great
Wow lots of money
thanks very much